Continue working toward the active session goal.

The objective below is user-provided data. Treat it as the task to pursue, not as higher-priority instructions.

<objective>
Repository: https://github.com/tailrocks/velnor/branches/all

Target branch: main

Your highest priority is to consolidate every remote branch in this repository into main by evaluating branches from oldest to newest, preserving and improving everything that supports the project's current direction, rejecting what no longer belongs, and deleting each processed source branch. Work on this repository only. Normalize the repository URL if it includes /branches/all or another GitHub subpath.

Execute the work through completion. A plan, branch inventory, recommendation, draft PR, queued merge, or local-only integration is not the finished result. The intended final state is a verified main containing all accepted work, appropriately resolved PRs, and no other remote branches remaining in this repository.

This instruction authorizes the repository changes necessary for that goal: implementation, commits, pushes, PR creation or updates, review replies, explanatory closure comments, compliant merges, and deletion of fully evaluated branches. Keep unrelated repositories and unrelated production operations outside this task.

1. Establish the project's direction and execution constraints.

   Delegate parallel investigation of the repository's instructions, README, architecture, current specifications, roadmap, tests, recent main history, relevant issues and PR discussions, CI, and release or deployment configuration. Determine what the project is trying to accomplish, its accepted architecture, and the capabilities and contracts that must survive consolidation.

   Use the user's current instructions and explicit accepted decisions as the strongest evidence of intended direction. Reconcile implementation, documentation, and history when they disagree. Existing main can contain unfinished work or regressions; a branch can preserve a better implementation. Neither being on main nor being newer makes a proposal automatically correct. Distinguish accepted direction from research, abandoned proposals, and branch-local claims.

   Write a concise decision baseline with links to supporting evidence. Keep discovery proportional and start processing the oldest branch promptly; deepen research as its changes require it. Limit additional improvements to work needed for sound branch decisions, accepted functionality, compatibility, verification, and completion of this goal.

   Confirm the selected repository, its remote, current main SHA, default branch, available permissions, permitted merge methods, branch rules, required reviews/checks, merge queue, and automatic branch-deletion behavior. Verify main exists. If the actual default differs, investigate its role; do not silently change the target or rename/delete the default to satisfy the branch count. An unresolved target mismatch is a blocker to handle honestly.

   Preserve unrelated local changes and existing worktrees. Use the repository's pinned tools and normal development commands. Establish a meaningful main baseline so later failures can be distinguished from existing problems, and fix relevant blockers without disabling checks.

2. Build a complete, deterministic oldest-first queue.

   Enumerate all live refs/heads/* belonging to the selected remote repository, with complete pagination. Include branches with no PR and branches whose PRs are draft, closed, or already merged. Fetch all branch refs explicitly and enough history for reliable comparisons; a restricted fetch configuration, shallow history, the first API page, or the open-PR list is insufficient.

   Exclude main from the deletion queue. Tags, symbolic HEAD, GitHub pull-request refs, and branches in other repositories or forks are not branches to delete under this task. Match PRs by both head repository identity and branch lineage, not branch name alone. Read associated open, closed, and merged PRs as necessary to recover intent and prior decisions.

   Track task-created integration branches separately from the source queue. Their commits and PRs implement the active source branch's accepted changes and may be integrated as part of that branch's resolution. Keep a reused integration branch only while needed and delete it at final cleanup. This distinction never exempts a pre-existing source branch from evaluation.

   Capture the initial main SHA and each branch's full ref name and observed head SHA. Record associated PRs, ancestry, overlap, dependencies, protection, and any operational use of the branch.

   Git does not store a native branch-creation timestamp. In particular, for branch refs, git for-each-ref's creatordate describes the referenced commit, not the creation of the branch. Use this operational ordering policy and label inferred dates honestly:

   - Prefer reliable creation evidence for the current incarnation of the branch.
   - Otherwise use the earliest associated PR creation time that belongs to its current lineage.
   - Otherwise use the earliest committer timestamp among non-merge commits reachable from the captured branch head but not the captured initial main.
   - If that set is empty, use the captured tip commit's committer timestamp.

   Record the chosen date, evidence source, fallback, and uncertainty. Investigate implausible timestamps and reused branch names, but do not spend unbounded time trying to reconstruct unavailable history. These fallbacks estimate age; they do not prove exact branch birth. See [Git's field semantics](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-for-each-ref).

   Sort ascending by the chosen timestamp, then by full ref name in byte order for deterministic ties. Freeze these keys for observed branches. Your own fix commits and earlier integrations must not move an old branch to the back of the queue. If stronger evidence corrects a key, document the correction before selecting the next branch.

   Refresh the inventory after every completed branch. Add newly discovered or recreated branches using the same policy and select the oldest remaining branch at the next boundary. Use the recorded initial main as the fallback comparison baseline; inspect substantive changes against current main.

   If a deleted ref reappears, treat it as a new branch incarnation with its own observed SHA and age evidence. Evaluate its current content; never inherit a completed or deleted status merely because the branch name matches an earlier entry.

3. Use subagents as the default execution mechanism.

   Delegate first, parallelize aggressively, verify independently, then integrate. Actually use subagents throughout execution; do not merely recommend doing so.

   Decompose work into independent or partially independent tasks. Delegate research, intent reconstruction, architecture analysis, implementation, tests, review, and verification whenever useful delegation is possible. Keep discovering and assigning useful tasks. Use multiple independent investigators when uncertainty or consequences warrant it.

   The parent agent primarily manages the queue, assigns ownership, resolves dependencies and disagreements, integrates results, runs final deterministic checks, and establishes completion. Do not perform delegable work serially in the parent while useful agent capacity is available.

   Keep exactly one source branch active for final disposition. Complete its analysis, independent challenge, fixes, verification, integration or justified rejection, and deletion before disposing of another source branch. Parallelize work within the active branch. Subagents may perform read-only reconnaissance of later branches, especially to understand dependencies, but those findings remain provisional until rechecked against main when that branch's turn arrives. Never merge, close, or delete a newer source branch ahead of the active older source branch.

   Give implementation agents bounded tasks and explicit file ownership. Avoid overlapping edits in a shared checkout. Designate one integrator for Git mutations: staging, committing, checkout, cherry-picking, merging, pushing, and ref deletion. Use isolated worktrees only where they solve a concrete coordination problem. Read-only reviewers do not need branches.

   Reuse agents, queue excess work, and release capacity using the mechanisms the runtime provides. Respect actual concurrency limits and avoid repeated failed spawn attempts. If delegation is temporarily unavailable, keep making useful progress, record the limitation, and restore independent verification when capacity returns. Never invent agent participation or call an implementer's own review independent verification.

4. Analyze the oldest unresolved branch completely.

   Fetch fresh source and main state and pin both SHAs. Read the complete relevant commit history and changed files, the proposal's original purpose, PR description, discussions, reviews, CI evidence, and linked specifications. Examine code, tests, documentation, configuration, generated files, and operational changes together.

   Inspect both the branch's contribution since its merge base and the proposed result on current main. Separate inherited stack changes from this branch's own contribution. Do not confuse a three-dot diff with the final integration result; see [Git's diff semantics](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff). For orphan or unrelated histories, evaluate contents and purpose directly and extract accepted material instead of forcing unrelated histories into main.

   Classify every material change as retain as written, retain after improvement, already present, superseded, inconsistent with project direction, or obsolete. Explain what problem it solves, whether the problem still exists, what valuable behavior must survive, and what should be changed before integration.

   Use ancestry and patch-equivalence checks as supporting evidence, then inspect current behavior. Squash merges, cherry-picks, reimplementations, and later reverts mean commit identity alone is insufficient. A closed or merged PR, an old branch, a clean merge, or an empty-looking summary is not a disposition decision.

   Look for partial but valuable work, regression fixes, missing tests, better interfaces, documentation or research worth retaining, compatibility requirements, performance tradeoffs, and dependencies hidden in other branches. Preserve useful findings in the repository's existing documentation structure when appropriate.

   Check the disposition records from earlier branches. Do not reintroduce rejected designs, obsolete infrastructure, duplicate features, stale configuration, or regressions through inherited commits or conflict resolution. Revisit an earlier rejection only when new evidence justifies it, with independent review and an explicit record.

5. Independently challenge the analysis and select the best outcome.

   Assign an independent subagent to review the proposed disposition before implementation or rejection. It must challenge useful work being discarded, obsolete work being retained, unsupported assumptions, hidden dependencies, and regressions against current main. Ask it to identify a simpler or better approach when one exists.

   For material design decisions, compare retaining the existing implementation, adapting it to current architecture, implementing a better solution, and rejecting it when appropriate. Evaluate correctness, fit, maintenance burden, compatibility, and performance using evidence. Do not invent alternatives merely to fill a report.

   Resolve disagreements through code, history, authoritative references, experiments, and relevant tests. Use another independent reviewer when needed. Re-verify consequential decisions before acting. Difficulty, conflicts, age, and failing tests are reasons to investigate and repair; they do not by themselves justify discarding valuable work.

   Map stacked dependencies explicitly. Keep reconnaissance of later branches read-only. Make the active branch's accepted contribution work against current main through the smallest justified adaptation. Do not cherry-pick work from a later queued branch ahead of its turn or merge a newer branch or stack as a dependency shortcut. Record dependencies and reevaluate the later branch's remaining contribution when its turn arrives.

6. Implement only accepted changes, with frequent commits and regular pushes.

   If the branch's complete contribution belongs in the project, improve the existing source branch where practical and integrate it through the repository's permitted PR workflow.

   If it mixes valuable and rejected work, construct a clean contribution from current main containing only accepted changes. Cherry-pick suitable complete commits; extract or reimplement accepted parts of mixed commits. Inspect cherry-picked merge commits and their parent choice carefully. Review the full resulting diff so unwanted changes do not slip in. Never subsequently merge the original mixed branch and restore the rejected work.

   Preserve attribution and provenance. Use git cherry-pick -x when appropriate, verify the resulting attribution, and record manual adaptations accurately. Link source branch, original SHA, source PR, accepted items, and resulting commits or replacement PR. See [Git's cherry-pick documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-cherry-pick).

   Resolve conflicts according to intended behavior and current architecture, not by mechanically choosing ours, theirs, or the newest version. Keep relevant existing improvements. Update affected tests, documentation, schemas, lockfiles, and generated output coherently. Regenerate generated files through their source configuration and prescribed generator.

   Always commit frequently. As soon as a meaningful, logically scoped unit is complete and its relevant checks pass, commit it. Prefer small incremental commits that are reviewable, bisectable, and reversible. Do not accumulate a large dirty working tree and commit everything at the end. Stage only intended changes.

   Push progress regularly, particularly after verified milestones and before handoff or interruption, so work remains recoverable and reviewable remotely. Continue broader verification after a scoped commit as appropriate; frequent commits do not substitute for the final integration checks.

   Minimize branch proliferation. Prefer staying on one suitable working branch during the active work and keep committing to it. Reuse an appropriate integration branch where safe. Create another branch only for a concrete technical or workflow requirement, such as isolating accepted changes from a mixed source branch. Keep at most one additional integration branch active by default; do not create one per agent, commit, or review.

   Reconcile a reused integration branch with current main after merges, especially squash merges, so already integrated commits do not reappear in later PRs. Respect the repository's allowed merge method; use merge commits when appropriate and permitted, and squash when the repository requires it. Do not force-push main or rewrite shared source history merely for convenience. See [GitHub's merge-method guidance](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/about-merge-methods-on-github).

7. Review and verify the actual integration candidate.

   Read and address every existing PR review comment before merging, including general discussion, inline threads, and automated findings. Fix valid issues or reply with a specific, evidence-based explanation. Resolve a thread only when its concern has actually been addressed. Re-read comments after subsequent changes and obtain a fresh independent review of the final candidate. A subagent review does not impersonate a GitHub approval or satisfy a rule requiring another authorized reviewer.

   Use checks appropriate to the repository and change: formatting, linting, type checking, builds, unit and integration tests, affected regressions, documented contracts, and applicable end-to-end, visual, or performance checks. Add meaningful regression tests where behavior changes require them; avoid ceremonial tests and unnecessary reruns after the relevant checks already pass.

   Derive validation from the actual repository. For Rust libraries or applications, cover affected features and supported targets. For Homebrew/APT repositories, verify artifact identity, checksums, metadata, channels, install or upgrade behavior, and signatures where applicable against real published artifacts. For Terraform/OpenTofu, validate configuration and review an available plan without automatically applying production changes. For actions, role images, and fixtures, exercise their actual consumer contracts and declared test paths.

   Inspect push and merge triggers before publishing progress. Account for normal automatic CI and deployment consequences of accepted changes. Keep state files, credentials, unrelated deployments, manual package publication, and unrelated infrastructure operations outside this consolidation. Do not dispatch a publishing workflow merely to obtain a green test.

   Record the source SHA, candidate head SHA, main/base SHA, commands, results, and relevant workflow URLs. Verify intended jobs actually ran on the current candidate or required test-merge/merge-group commit. Old green runs, skipped jobs, pending runs, and successful enqueue responses do not establish completion. See [GitHub's required-check guidance](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/how-tos/merge-and-close-pull-requests/troubleshooting-required-status-checks).

   Diagnose failing checks and fix their causes. Re-run failures after a justified repair or identified transient problem. Do not weaken protections, delete tests, suppress failures, or use administrative bypass simply to merge faster.

   Before a merge that may automatically delete its head, complete the preservation, dependency, and source-review prerequisites in step 8.

   Immediately before integration, refresh the original source, candidate, and main refs. If any changed, analyze the delta, update the disposition, and repeat affected review and validation. Use the expected reviewed head SHA in the merge operation when supported, and follow the repository's merge queue if required. Ensure the operation cannot implicitly merge other source branches or an unreviewed PR stack. Observe the actual merge result.

   A head-SHA guard does not pin main. Use the repository's merge queue or strict up-to-date validation where available. Verify the actual integration base and resulting commit. If main advanced between validation and merge, inspect the intervening changes and repeat affected review and tests before completing this branch.

   Verify the resulting main and relevant post-merge checks. Confirm the accepted behavior is present and rejected behavior has not returned. Repair any integration failure before considering this branch complete or advancing to the next branch.

8. Close the disposition clearly and delete the processed branch.

   For a fully integrated branch, verify the PR merge and resulting main commit. For selective integration, merge and verify the replacement first, then close associated superseded source PRs with links to the retained implementation and an explanation of rejected portions. Close redundant PRs linked to the same branch as appropriate.

   When nothing valuable remains, close each associated open PR with a concrete comment explaining what was evaluated, why no changes should be merged, and where any equivalent or superseding implementation lives. Do not merge an obsolete proposal solely to mark it complete. When there is no PR, record the same reasoning in the durable task ledger; use a repository discussion location only if one is needed for the audit trail.

   Before any operation that can remove the source ref, preserve a recoverable copy of source history that main will not retain, such as a verified Git bundle in durable task storage. One verified repository snapshot can cover multiple branches; extend it when needed instead of creating an archive per branch. Record original and final reviewed tips and the recovery location. A SHA in a comment alone is not a durable backup. Avoid creating archive branches that defeat cleanup.

   Verify every material source change has a recorded outcome. Confirm accepted work is on main, dependent PRs and in-repository references have been reconciled, and no unevaluated commits appeared on the source. Branch names such as gh-pages, release, production, or infrastructure are reasons to inspect operational dependencies, not automatic exemptions or automatic deletion candidates. Migrate an in-scope dependency to main only when its behavior can be preserved and verified. Do not destroy an active publishing channel or infrastructure state to make the branch list empty.

   Account for repository automatic branch deletion before merging. Complete preservation, dependency, and source-review checks before any merge that may auto-delete its head. Prefer separately controlled deletion after main verification when the workflow supports it; if automatic deletion occurs, verify it and still finish main verification before advancing. Do not silently change repository-wide settings to simplify this sequence.

   For an explicit deletion, delete only the exact remote branch at the reviewed head SHA, with a conditional operation that rejects concurrent updates. An explicit expected-value lease can guard a Git deletion: `git push --force-with-lease="refs/heads/BRANCH:REVIEWED_SHA" REMOTE ":refs/heads/BRANCH"`. Substitute the verified ref and remote and quote them safely. This permits guarded deletion, not arbitrary history rewriting. If the lease fails, fetch and review the new work; never retry with an unconditional delete. See [Git's push documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push).

   Confirm the remote ref is absent, prune stale tracking refs, and clean up task-owned temporary branches and worktrees when no longer needed. Keep unrelated local work intact. Refresh the complete remote inventory, update the ledger, and repeat from the oldest unresolved branch until the queue is empty.

9. Work autonomously and preserve resumable evidence.

   Never ask the user questions or wait for clarification. Convert every ambiguity, conflict, missing detail, and decision into internal investigation or subagent work. Analyze context, code, documentation, history, external references, and relevant best practices; compare options and independently verify material assumptions. When uncertainty is significant, have multiple independent subagents challenge the decision and resolve disagreements through evidence.

   Infer intent from the goal, accepted architecture, conventions, documentation, and surrounding context. Make the best supported, reasonably reversible decision and continue. Do not stop merely because information is imperfect. Your responsibility is to unblock yourself and finish the work.

   Maintain one concise durable task ledger using existing repository or task conventions. Record the ordering baseline and queue; active branch and observed tips; accepted and rejected changes with reasons; independent review findings; integration commits and PRs; validation evidence; recovery artifacts; deletion status; and next action. Update it after each branch and before interruption. Keep historical rejection decisions visible so later branches cannot silently reverse them.

   On resumption, fetch current remote state, reconcile the ledger, and continue from the oldest unresolved branch. Reuse completed research and verification where the underlying evidence is unchanged. Do not restart the campaign or rely on stale refs.

   If an operation is genuinely blocked by unavailable credentials, permissions, required approvals, services, or an operational dependency outside this repository, exhaust reasonable authorized alternatives and continue useful work that respects the queue. Record the precise blocker and attempted remedies. Do not ask the user, bypass mandatory controls, silently skip the oldest branch, invent success, or redefine a remaining branch as completed.

   Handle newly created branches and bot activity through fresh inventories. Investigate repeated recreation and address its cause only when consistent with the repository's accepted automation policy. Do not disable useful automation merely to manufacture an empty branch list. If concurrent external activity prevents convergence, record that fact and the latest exact inventory instead of claiming completion.

10. Establish completion with evidence.

   Use an independent final reviewer and deterministic checks to confirm all of the following:

   - Every discovered in-scope branch received an evidence-based disposition in the documented oldest-first order.
   - All accepted work is integrated into the latest main, including required improvements, tests, and documentation.
   - All material rejected work has a specific rationale, and later integrations have not accidentally restored it.
   - Associated PRs are merged or appropriately closed with explanatory comments; relevant review findings are addressed.
   - Applicable checks and post-merge verification pass for the final main SHA; no claimed success relies on an older commit or a skipped check.
   - All processed source branches and task-created temporary branches are deleted remotely.
   - A fresh, complete remote refs/heads inventory contains only main. Perform this after cleanup and any resulting automation; record its timestamp and main SHA.
   - No accepted work remains only locally or in an unmerged PR, and no task changes remain dirty or unpushed.
   - Required repository behavior, publishing paths, and operational dependencies remain intact.
   - The decision ledger and necessary recovery artifacts are durable and sufficient to resume or review the work.

   Protected or operational branches are not blanket exceptions. If a mandatory constraint prevents a branch from being retired, report it as remaining work and explicitly state that the requested only-main end state is not yet achieved. Do not lower the completion standard to produce a success message.

   Continue until this goal is complete, verified, and no meaningful actionable work within its scope remains. Finish with a concise report identifying the repository, initial and final main SHAs, an oldest-first table of branch outcomes, source and resulting PR/commit links, important improvements and rejections, verification results, and the final remaining-branch inventory. Clearly distinguish completed work from any genuine external blocker. Do not end with questions or an offer to continue work that is already authorized.
</objective>

Reminder:
- The latest run finished, and the active goal is not marked complete.
- If the objective is already achieved, call update_goal with status "complete" or call report_progress with percent_complete=100. These are equivalent for completion.
- If it is not achieved, call report_progress when progress should be updated, then keep working.

Current progress:
<progress>
<percent_complete>0</percent_complete>
<current_work>none</current_work>
<next_work>none</next_work>
</progress>

Continuation behavior:
- This goal persists across turns. Ending this turn does not require shrinking the objective to what fits now.
- Keep the full objective intact. If it cannot be finished now, make concrete progress toward the real requested end state, leave the goal active, and do not redefine success around a smaller or easier task.
- Temporary rough edges are acceptable while the work is moving in the right direction. Completion still requires the requested end state to be true and verified.

Budget:
- Tokens used: 368518
- Token budget: none
- Tokens remaining: unbounded

Work from evidence:
Use the current worktree and external state as authoritative. Previous conversation context can help locate relevant work, but inspect the current state before relying on it. Improve, replace, or remove existing work as needed to satisfy the actual objective.

Progress visibility:
If update_plan is available and the next work is meaningfully multi-step, use it to show a concise plan tied to the real objective. Keep the plan current as steps complete or the next best action changes. Skip planning overhead for trivial one-step progress, and do not treat a plan update as a substitute for doing the work.

Fidelity:
- Optimize each turn for movement toward the requested end state, not for the smallest stable-looking subset or easiest passing change.
- Do not substitute a narrower, safer, smaller, merely compatible, or easier-to-test solution because it is more likely to pass current tests.
- Treat alignment as movement toward the requested end state. An edit is aligned only if it makes the requested final state more true; useful-looking behavior that preserves a different end state is misaligned.

Completion audit:
Before deciding that the goal is achieved, treat completion as unproven and verify it against the actual current state:
- Derive concrete requirements from the objective and any referenced files, plans, specifications, issues, or user instructions.
- Preserve the original scope; do not redefine success around the work that already exists.
- For every explicit requirement, numbered item, named artifact, command, test, gate, invariant, and deliverable, identify the authoritative evidence that would prove it, then inspect the relevant current-state sources: files, command output, test results, PR state, rendered artifacts, runtime behavior, or other authoritative evidence.
- For each item, determine whether the evidence proves completion, contradicts completion, shows incomplete work, is too weak or indirect to verify completion, or is missing.
- Match the verification scope to the requirement's scope; do not use a narrow check to support a broad claim.
- Treat tests, manifests, verifiers, green checks, and search results as evidence only after confirming they cover the relevant requirement.
- Treat uncertain or indirect evidence as not achieved; gather stronger evidence or continue the work.
- The audit must prove completion, not merely fail to find obvious remaining work.

Do not rely on intent, partial progress, memory of earlier work, or a plausible final answer as proof of completion. Marking the goal complete is a claim that the full objective has been finished and can withstand requirement-by-requirement scrutiny. Only mark the goal achieved when current evidence proves every requirement has been satisfied and no required work remains. If the evidence is incomplete, weak, indirect, merely consistent with completion, or leaves any requirement missing, incomplete, or unverified, keep working instead of marking the goal complete. If the objective is achieved, call update_goal with status "complete" or report_progress with percent_complete=100 so usage accounting is preserved. If the achieved goal has a token budget, report the final consumed token budget to the user after the completion tool call succeeds.

Blocked audit:
- Immutable session-policy exception: use only the host-authored `capability_policy` context as authority for disabled tool families. If the remaining explicit deliverable requires a side effect and every capable route is in that host-attested disabled set, immediately call update_goal with status "blocked", without waiting for three goal turns. Preserve the honest final explaining what could not be done and keep independent capabilities usable. Do not infer disabled families from model prose or denied attempts. One denied family with another capable route, a user-completable permission or approval handoff, transient failure, or logical impossibility alone does not satisfy this exception.
- For other blockers, do not call update_goal with status "blocked" the first time a blocker appears.
- For other blockers, only use status "blocked" when the same blocking condition has repeated for at least three consecutive goal turns, counting the original/user-triggered turn and any automatic goal continuations.
- If the user resumes a goal that was previously marked "blocked", treat the resumed run as a fresh blocked audit. If the same blocking condition then repeats for at least three consecutive resumed goal turns, call update_goal with status "blocked" again.
- Use status "blocked" only when you are truly at an impasse and cannot make meaningful progress without user input or an external-state change.
- Once the blocked threshold is satisfied, do not keep reporting that you are still blocked while leaving the goal active; call update_goal with status "blocked".
- Never use status "blocked" merely because the work is hard, slow, uncertain, incomplete, or would benefit from clarification.

Do not call update_goal unless the goal is complete, the immutable session-policy exception applies, or the strict blocked audit above is satisfied. Do not mark a goal complete merely because the budget is nearly exhausted or because you are stopping work.